# Video summary:
## first video : Carol Dweck on the Growth Mindset.

first at all there is too kind of difference brains of childrens , first one who want to learn and success more to get a reward for his self and the second okind who see's this kind of learning are very hard , to fix this kind we need to praise them wisley, not to improve them that you are smart and genious
so to improve the proccess not yet is to praising yet with process praise and the intelligence prasie with the inviroment that they are engaged with with there enegry's , focus and the improvements they are dealing with , this proccess makes them hardly and reselien .
washengton university made a study to improve this proccess with making a math games for kids with a rewards , after this proccess it seemd that kids are dealing with it correctly and passing the tasks even the hard tasks that are giving to them under pressure that gives them in the future more pressistence.
praise wisely. Praise the process that youngsters engage in, rather than their brains or talent. Praise their effort, strategy, attention, endurance, and improvement. More effort, longer-term involvement, and resilience are all encouraged as a result of this.
The words "yet" or "not yet" instill confidence and perseverance in students. It has the potential to shift their perspective from fixed to growing. Their brain's neurons can make new, stronger connections, and they can get smarter over time. There are noticeable improvements, particularly among challenging pupils.

## second video :  Angela Lee Duckworth on Grit.
the idea of this video is that not every person has a high or intelligent iq in this material or the speed of his learning means that he is better than others . after several studies conducted on adults and minors and conducted on people who work the same job in several different environments, the only thing that was concluded through these studies that giving you success iq grit , which means the persevere for your future day and night in order to get what you want , even if it is for several years.